=head1 NAME

server.conf - configuration file for SystemImager server

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The server.conf file residing in the /etc/systemimager directory
controls the default behavior of commands run on the SystemImager
server.  It is parsed by the AppConfig Perl module, and uses simple
name/value pairs.

=head1 FILE FORMAT

The follow stanzas exist in the server.conf file

=over 4

=item B<DEFAULT_IMAGE_DIR>

The directory where images are stored.  The default set in the
file is I</var/lib/systemimager/images>.  If your image repository
exists else where you can set this variable to change that.  This
variable is used by I<getimage> and I<mksimachine> to determine where
to put the created image.

=item B<AUTOINSTALL_SCRIPT_DIR>

The directory where autoinstall scripts are stored.  The default set
in the file is I</var/lib/systemimager/scripts>.  This is use by
I<mkautoinstallscript> to determine where the autoinstall script for
an image should be created.  It is also used by I<addclients>, and
I<mksimachine>, and I<mksirange> to determine where the client scripts
should be created.

=item B<AUTOINSTALL_BOOT_DIR>

The top level directory where the boot kernel, ramdisk, and other
architecture specific utilities exist.  The installed default for this
is I<$PREFIX/share/systemimager>, where $PREFIX is the installed
prefix for all the SystemImager tools.  In this directory will exist a
number of architecture specific directories of the format $ARCH-boot
(e.g. i386-boot, ia64-boot, etc.).  The variable is used by
I<mkautoinstallcd>, I<mkautoinstalldiskette> and I<mkbootserver>.

=item B<RSYNCD_CONF>

The local of the I<rsyncd.conf> file associated with SystemImager.
The installed default is I</etc/systemimager/rsyncd.conf>.

=item B<CONFIG_DIR>

The directory this file resides in.

=back

=head1 BUGS

B<CONFIG_DIR> seems redundant, as you can't parse the file unless you
know where it is.

=head1 SEE ALSO

The SystemImager Manual.

=head1 AUTHORS

SystemImager is maintained by Brian Finley (brian@baldguysoftware.com)

This man page created by Sean Dague (sean@dague.net)
