=head1 NAME

systemimager.conf - configuration file for SystemImager server

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The systemimager.conf file residing in the /etc/systemimager directory
controls the default behavior of commands run on the SystemImager
server.  It is parsed by the AppConfig Perl module, and uses simple
name/value pairs.

=head1 FILE FORMAT

The follow stanzas exist in the systemimager.conf file

=over 4

=item B<DEFAULT_IMAGE_DIR>

The directory where images are stored.  The default set in the
file is I</var/lib/systemimager/images>.  If your image repository
exists else where you can set this variable to change that.  This
variable is used by I<si_getimage> to determine where to put the created
images.

=item B<DEFAULT_OVERRIDE_DIR>

The directory where overrides are stored.  The default set in the
file is I</var/lib/systemimager/overrides>.  Overrides can be used to
manage differences from images. A typical use is to customize a
"vanilla" image adding some additional packages, but they are commonly
used to store and distribute configuration files by I<si_pushoverrides>.
See also I<si_clusterconfig>.

=item B<AUTOINSTALL_SCRIPT_DIR>

The directory where autoinstall scripts are stored.  The default set
in the file is I</var/lib/systemimager/scripts>.  This is use by
I<si_mkautoinstallscript> to determine where the autoinstall script for
an image should be created.  It is also used by I<si_addclients>, and
I<si_clusterconfig>to determine where the client scripts should be
created.

=item B<AUTOINSTALL_BOOT_DIR>

The top level directory where the boot kernel, ramdisk, and other
architecture specific utilities exist.  The installed default for this
is I<$PREFIX/share/systemimager>, where $PREFIX is the installed
prefix for all the SystemImager tools.  In this directory will exist a
number of architecture specific directories of the format $ARCH-boot
(e.g. i386-boot, ia64-boot, etc.).  The variable is used by
I<si_mkautoinstallcd>, I<si_mkautoinstalldisk> and I<si_mkbootserver>.

=item B<RSYNCD_CONF>

The local of the I<rsyncd.conf> file associated with SystemImager.
The installed default is I</etc/systemimager/rsyncd.conf>.  The variable
is used by I<si_mkrsyncd_conf> that can be used to automatically create
a valid I</etc/systemimager/rsyncd.conf> for SystemImager.

=item B<RSYNCD_STUB_DIR>

The path to the directory where rsync stub files are stored. There is a
stub for each image plus an header and a footer stub.  Stubs are used by
I<si_mkrsyncd_conf> to create the file I</etc/systemimager/rsyncd.conf>.
Usually you shouldn't care about this file, it's only used internally by
SystemImager.

=item B<TFTP_DIR>

The directory where tftp and net-boot files are stored. The default path
is I</var/lib/tftpboot>.

=item B<NET_BOOT_DEFAULT>

This setting affects systemimager-server-netbootmond.  If set to "local",
then after successful completion of an install, a client's net boot
configuration is modified to ensure future boots will happen from the
client's local disk.  NET_BOOT_DEFAULT can be set to local or net.  Be
sure to restart systemimager-server-netbootmond after changing this
setting (I</etc/init.d/systemimager-server-netbootmond restart>).

See I<si_netbootmond(8)> for more details.

=item B<AUTOINSTALL_TARBALL_DIR>

The directory to store temporary tarball files distributed via BitTorrent.
The default is I</var/lib/systemimager/tarballs>.

=item B<AUTOINSTALL_TORRENT_DIR>

The directory to store temporary torrent files distributed via BitTorrent.
The default is I</var/lib/systemimager/torrents>.

=item B<CONFIG_DIR>

The directory this file resides in.

=back

=head1 BUGS

B<CONFIG_DIR> seems redundant, as you can't parse the file unless you
know where it is.

=head1 SEE ALSO

The SystemImager Manual.

=head1 AUTHORS

SystemImager is maintained by Brian Finley (brian@baldguysoftware.com)

This man page created by Sean Dague (sean@dague.net)
